Yan Ci
Isn't Yin Xiange not stepping into the world?
You are here to rebel against the sky
You hurt my disciple
It's my job
Even if you are an immortal
Can't stop me from killing him
No.
hopeless
privacy
Wait for me.
Thank you sir for your help
unexpected
Little Junior Sister's master is actually an immortal from Yin Xiange
It is rumored that Yinxian Pavilion opens once every hundred years
Every time it opens
Will choose a talented person in the mortal world
Take it to practice
Have to become a fairy
But
I heard that the Taoist techniques practiced by the people of Yixian Pavilion are
Heartless Road
Cultivator of ruthless Tao
Be disconnected
That little junior sister, aren't you?